Let's fix the routing and our application first of all if we sign in I want to redirect the user.
Oh that's easy to do.
And sign in component we can simply redirect the user here but I only want to redirect if you sign in
was successful let's say.
So I'll actually go to the off service where we have to sign in user method here and here I want to
inject the router.
So in the constructor here I'll inject the angular router of type router.
And to be imported from the Angler or router package of course we need to add an injectable to dis service
to allow the injection of Avars services into it.
And then a year in the response Colbeck of design in user Meffert here we know that we are signed in.
So it's here where I want to redirect the users so to call router navigate and let's say we just go
to the root page.
So let's try this out if we save this and the app reloads we start on the sign in page.
Anyways let's enter valid credentials.
And that looks good.
We are redirect that.
So that's working.
Now I want to make sure that I can't visit the new recipe or edit recipe page if I am not locked in.
So for days we will treat a new guard and I will trade it here and all folder all named off guard.
And technically it's a service.
All the files named off guard service are TS.
I will export my off guard here and it implements can actually wait.
Now you learned about that in the routing section didn't you.
Capital Sido can activate as an interface.
We have to import from an angler router and it requires us to implement can activate Methot.
This method will give us the realit activated route's snapshot.
So a snapshot the route anti-state of the routers so a router is a state snapshot and then we have to
return something there and observable a promise or a boolean value.
Now I will return a boolean value because I plan on injecting the off service year so lets add add injectable
to allow this.
Now in the constructor I want to add my all service as we have done many times before.
Here it is at the import and then I can simply turn the result of all service is authenticated and that
is a boolean.
Remember because data is what we returned down here we simply check if the token is present.
Now with that we got our Can D-Wade card our off guard and now any app routing file a one to apply discard
to this new route.
Anti-ID added route.
So I'll add.
Can't actually wait here.
Remember it's an array of guards and I'll add my.
Off guard.
Make sure to add to import here from your all folder and I'm going to copy this town down to the recipe
added guard.
Now with that I also have to provide it in the app module.
So here I'll provide my off guard like this.
Now of course we all need to make sure that we add the import here from the folder with all this added.
Let's see if this works.
I'm not defending Kate right now because the AB reloaded in effect the new recipe I can click it as
often as I want.
No chance I can load the detail but trying to edit it.
No chance.
Now I can delete it but this is only on the front.
And of course you could also try preventing this from happening though you wouldn't use a guard for
this because that's not a route we're calling there.
So the off guard is in place and of course it could redirect in case of a failure in off guard or something
like dead whatever you like.